♪♪
(TRANSMITTER WARBLING)
This transmitter is all
we could scrounge up.
What do you think?
Well, I can boost
the power,
but not enough to overcome
the Empire's jamming signal.
They're blocking all
non-Imperial transmissions.
We have to find a way
to make contact with Hera.
If she made it past
the blockade.
She made it.
And she'll convince rebel
command to launch an attack.
We need to be ready to help.
Help?
Look, I want to fight,
but the Empire's got
thousands of troops.
We are hiding in a cave
with no ships, no supplies,
and a couple of blasters.
We've done a lot more
with a lot less.
There's a way,
and we'll find it.
(TRANSMITTER SQUEALING)
Ah, what now?
I can't make contact
outside the planet,
but I'm picking up something
transmitting nearby.
How close?
Close enough to take a look.
Better check it out.
(TRANSMITTER WARBLING)
There. It's an ore crawler.
EZRA: I think I saw
some of those burning through
the grasslands up north.
RYDER: Yeah. They strip rake
the surface for raw materials
to feed the Imperial factory.
And they've burned
all the way down here?
That's halfway
across the planet.
Yeah, but that ship
might be just what we need.
SABINE: You might be more
right than you know, Zeb.
That crawler is equipped
with a long-range
communications array.
One that can reach Hera?
I'm almost sure of it.
DODONNA:
Based upon data provided
by Captain Syndulla,
the TIE defender Elite
possesses speed,
weapons, and shields
superior to any fighter
in our fleet.
Can we destroy it?
In single ship-to-ship
combat, unlikely.
Our analysts have yet to find
a weakness in its design.
If we can't find
a way to fight this thing,
it's imperative we prevent it
from being mass-produced.
I request permission
to lead an attack squadron
back to Lothal
to destroy that factory.
Considering
the Empire's defenses
and our limited
attack capability,
I am not sure now
is the right time.
We can't afford to wait.
I have a group standing by
on the ground
ready to aid any mission.
What about the blockade
and Admiral Thrawn?
Your evidence
is persuasive, Captain,
but we'll need time
to discuss further action.
Perhaps it's best
you wait outside.
(CHOPPER GRUNTING)
Sabine, you're up.
(JET PACK WHOOSHES)
SABINE: I've got movement.
Yep, Mining Guild
security droid.
(ZAPPING)
(GRUNTS)
(SEEVOR HUMMING)
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
ON HEADPHONES)
I like that song.
Huh? (SCREAMS)
Hello, there.
Pirate scum.
(DEVICE BEEPS)
(ALARM BLARING)
(ENGINES RUMBLING)
Sabine, shut off that alarm.
(GRUNTING)
Get off.
(GRUNTS)
Stick around, Captain.
(DEVICE BEEPS)
(ALARM STOPS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(BEEPING)
(BEEPING STOPS)
(GRUNTS) Do you have any idea
who you're messing with?
The Mining Guild,
we know.
MAN: (OVER COMLINK)
Guild control
to Crawler 413-24.
You've activated
your distress beacon
and ceased output.
Is there a problem?
Do you copy? Over.
Ha! You're done,
thieving scoundrels.
Guild control
to Crawler 413-24.
Respond immediately.
Yes, respond.
We better come up
with something.
Ezra,
this one's all you.
(SIGHS)
Be my guest.
(BEEPS)
(IMITATING SEEVOR) Sorry.
The crawler
has malfunctioned.
(HISSES)
(GASPS) Is that
what I sound like?
(BOTH SIGH)
MAN: Is this Operator 94-34?
You sound different.
Uh, I'm sick.
Pirates! Help!
Crawler 413-24, repeat.
Sorry. Engine flare.
Part of the malfunction.
We're fixing it.
Liars! Liars! (GROANS)
We are sending a technical
crew over to assist. Stand by.
Uh, negative, control.
We can make repairs ourselves.
Do you copy? Over.
(SIGHS)
(IN NORMAL VOICE) Uh,
that could've gone better.
I thought
it was pretty good.
Just make sure
the captain stays quiet,
and let's get to work.
We don't have much time.
Well, this comm unit's older
than I thought.
It may take a while to boost
this thing's power enough
to beam out
a long-range transmission.
(DEVICE BEEPS)
That's weird.
Someone activated
the inter-vehicle comm.
There's a signal coming
from the rear section
of the crawler.
Zeb and I
will check it out.
As soon as Sabine gets that
comm working, contact Hera.
And watch him.
Nothing here
but a big headache.
That signal came
from somewhere.
Take a look around up here.
I'll check out below.
Please don't hurt us.
Slaves?
It's all right.
I'm not with the Mining Guild.
You're safe.
Finally!
My friends have come
to rescue me!
Vizago?
I told the others
how the Empire banished me
to this monstrosity
for helping you rebels.
But I knew
you would not
leave me here to rot.
Right!
Right.
(LAUGHS) I told them
the foreman would be
no match for a Jedi.
(SLAVEMASTER GROWLS)
Foreman?
(GRUNTING)
Let's hope you're right!
(WHIP CRACKLING)
(GROANING)
Drop the whip and step
away from my friend,
you knuckle brained lizard.
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GROWLING)
Is that thing
working yet?
I've made
the modifications,
but I need to encrypt
our message
so that the Empire
doesn't trace the signal
back to rebel command.
Get off my bridge.
I'll have you crushed
into extraction waste!
Can't you keep him quiet?
Ain't nothing
gonna shut me up!
Hey!
(GRUNTING)
You can't put me in there.
I know people!
Yeah, well, if you see
any of your people in there,
tell them I said hello.
SEEVOR: (CHUCKLES)
You got a big surprise coming.
Maybe you should check
on Kanan and Zeb?
I'm sure they're fine.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
ZEB: Kanan, up here!
I'm coming, Zeb. Hang on!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(WHIP CRACKLING)
(GRUNTING)
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
You're really, really heavy.
(GRUNTS)
(SLAVES CHEERING)
You see that?
Those are my friends.
Still no decision.
They don't trust me.
It isn't that.
The TIE defender
isn't our only problem.
The Empire has some new plan,
as evidenced by "Protocol 13."
Never heard of it.
It is the immediate evacuation
of all Imperial personnel
from an occupied planet.
An order like that should
only confirm our worst fears.
And we're too afraid
to do anything about it.
(CHOPPER GRUNTS)
Captain Syndulla,
this is a closed-door...
Senator, if I may.
I know the odds are against
this attack's success.
But if that fighter
goes into production,
our squadrons
will not stand a chance.
I believe it's a risk
worth taking.
And whether we fail
or succeed,
at least our actions will show
the Empire and the galaxy
that we will not stand down,
that we will not be
broken by fear,
that we are strong,
united by our courage.
Now is our time to strike.
What is this?
Freedom!
Vizago?
I don't believe it.
What? Oh, now I see.
You did not come here
to rescue me.
Betrayed! Oh, I knew
I should've given you up!
Yeah, well,
we're here now.
And we are rescuing you.
SABINE: (OVER COMM)
Guys, get up here.
I've got two targets
closing fast.
Those aren't
Mining Guild vehicles.
No, it's the Empire.
It's not too late
to abandon ship.
We still need
to contact Hera.
EZRA: This crawler
is valuable.
It has
long-range communication,
and we can use it
for our attack.
Right now, it's unarmed.
No match for those gunships.
MAN: (OVER COMLINK)
Mining Guild vessel,
transmit security code now.
I think we can hold it
without a fight.
If you've got a plan,
now's the time.
Zeb, get the slaves on deck.
Show the Empire everything
is under control.
Me, a slave master?
Just put the helmet on.
All right, I guess.
Vizago,
into the Captain's chair.
(POUNDING ON DOOR)
Stay out of my chair!
By the moons of Gozgo,
I hope this works.
MAN: (OVER COMLINK)
Repeat transmit security code,
or we will open fire.
Uh, this is the captain.
Uh, 93-94.
How may I help you?
The Mining Guild reported
a security alert
for this vessel.
Hey, you sure
Vizago won't turn us in
to save himself?
Too late now.
We're having
a maintenance issue
and lost our security code,
uh, but everything
is under control.
SEEVOR: (POUNDING ON DOOR)
Kick the bums out!
Scoundrels, all of them!
Repeat that, Captain.
I was yelling
at my slaves!
They were being insolent!
Prepare to be boarded.
No, no, no, no, no,
that is not necessary.
I am trying to run
an operation here.
What are you looking at?
Get working.
Eh, you can't get
good help these days.
Squad two,
sweep the lower decks.
The rest of you, with me.
(INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER)
I told you everything
was under control.
I'll have to report
this intrusion
to the Mining Guild.
Step aside, Captain.
All right, let me show you
our output data logs.
They aren't nearly as boring
as you would think.
(KEYS CLACKING)
All we need is that lizard
to start flapping
his mouth again.
There is nothing in there!
Get back.
Oh, but, please,
see for yourself.
Gone.
I mean, see?
Nothing there.
If you'd like
a full inspection,
I can give you one.
It shouldn't take longer
than a couple of hours.
You may have that kind
of time, but we do not.
Now get this crawler
operational.
Of course.
I was just going to do that.
Squad, move out.
Don't worry.
We'll be crawling in no time.
(ENGINES WHIRRING)
Nice work, Vizago.
You haven't lost
your game.
Like Mother said,
"Once a scoundrel,
always a scoundrel."
But we have a problem.
Where's Captain 93-94?
He got loose.
Guys, I think
I've got it.
Transmitting to Hera now.
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
That doesn't sound good.
Transmitter's lost power?
SEEVOR: (OVER COMLINK)
I told you not to mess
with me.
You may have duped
those Imperial suckers,
but you won't fool
the Mining Guild.
That sneaky
little lizard.
How'd he get a comlink?
He's on
the crawler's intercom,
and he's sabotaged power
to the long-range transmitter.
Patch me through
to the Empire,
or I will destroy
this crawler,
you pirate scum!
We're not pirates.
Haven't you figured
that out by now?
We've got to find him before
he sabotages this whole thing.
He's in
the ventilation shafts.
He could be anywhere
in there.
His target will be
the main reactor core
in the refinery.
(SIGHS) Come on.
(GRUNTING)
We can't get in.
He's locked
the refinery doors.
Ah, I can't cut
through either.
They're magnetically sealed.
Well, then we need
someone capable
of navigating
those ventilation shafts.
Oh, no, no, no.
I am not going in there.
It's a ventilation shaft.
It's what you do.
If Vizago can fool Empire,
Jedi can climb into shaft.
(AIR HISSING)
(COUGHS)
I don't do this anymore.
(COUGHING)
SABINE: (OVER COMM)
Make a left
at the next junction.
(GRUNTS)
KANAN: Ezra, hurry!
We can't let him
destroy the reactor.
SABINE: Ezra?
Ezra, are you there?
What do you see?
ZEB: Kid's probably
taking a nap.
(DOOR POUNDING)
I'm here. Oh, he shut down
the reactors, all right.
SABINE: Okay,
to turn them back on,
find the primary
power console.
It should be across
from the furnace.
Found it.
(DEVICE WHIRRING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
This is my crawler, rebel.
I work for the Guild,
just as he who spawned me
and as my spawn will
after me.
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
Whoa.
(BUBBLING)
Whoa!
(PANTING)
(SCREAMING)
Watch out.
We made a believer
out of you yet, Ryder?
You're getting there, Kanan.
SABINE: (ON COMLINK)
Well, I beamed our signal
to rebel command.
Now we just have to wait
for a reply.
Guess this crawler
belongs to us.
Maybe we are pirates
after all.
At least these plains
have been spared. For now.
That is not all
you spared.
I know you did not come here
to rescue Vizago,
but I am grateful
all the same.
And we're grateful
to you, Vizago,
for not turning us in.
You're all free now.
But we could use your help
to fight the Empire on Lothal.
(STAMMERING) Yes, we...
BOTH: We will fight
with the big purple beast.
We will fight!
As for this vessel,
it is obviously in need
of a new captain.
I think I know
just the pirate
for the job.
(CHUCKLES)
SABINE: We're receiving
a transmission.
(DOOR OPENS)
HERA: Happy to hear
from you guys.
And good timing,
rebel command has
authorized the attack.
Fighters are being fueled
and bombers loaded.
The attack? It's happening?
We're launching our assault
on the next rotation.
I told Mon Mothma
you'll coordinate
the ground assault.
You can count on us.